Vorarbeiter is here (#466)
flathub-infra/documentation: blog/2025-05-02/index.md

---
slug: vorarbeiter-is-here
title: "Vorarbeiter is here"
authors:
  - barthalion
tags:
  - infrastructure
---

We have replaced Buildbot with a custom service, and we hope you haven't noticed.

<!-- truncate -->

[Vorarbeiter][vorarbeiter] is a German word for "foreman" and a living proof of
my school-related trauma. The new service is a middleman between GitHub and

> GitHub Actions. It is happily humming since April 21st, and largely does what

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions. It has been happily humming since April 21st, and largely does what
```
